---
title: Guisho.com V1546464658.1
date: 2026-02-25T18:17:00.000-06:00
draft: false
author: guisho
categories:
  - Tech
  - Lo que opino sobre
tags:
  - upgrades
  - guisho
---
It has been over 25 years since my first post on guisho.com. It was a Dreamhost shared server, and since then, a lot has changed in my life, in the industry, and in the world. 

When I wrote my[ first posts, ](https://guisho.com/finally-online/)there was no cloud, no one thought about browsing in their phones, there were no social networks, gmail didn't exist, Java 1.5 was a new, new thing, and the way we created and interacted with content was completely different. 

As a side project, it has taken on different skins and purposes. It was a blog to talk about everything: technology, software, politics, becoming better individuals, thoughts on life, entrepreneurship, and a whole lot more. On its mutations, I had spin-offs, like plan91.com, joveneslibertarios.org, cmocto.com, patronesDeDiseno.com. It was a space for me to test and share. Nothing formal, nothing fancy. Now, ended up being my collection of places and ideas. 

Although in its origins, there were a lot of back-and-forth comments (man, I miss old-fashioned long blog comments), and analytics were good. Then I quietly realized it was a public space meant for me. Everyone was welcome to watch, but it was essentially just me. 

It has had times when I didn't write at all, and months when writing became a daily thing. Because yes, writing is a thing I do, and I enjoy. I need it. It's for me. 

So, here comes a new evolution. For the first time in 20 years, **wordpress** is out. I wanted this to happen a long time ago, but I didn't really have the time to sit down and move my content somewhere else. Also, my stack was stale. Everything was on AWS, but my Linux version dated to 2016, so I needed to upgrade PHP version, which implied a new Linux version, which implied a bunch of time that I simply don't have. 

I've been playing with hugo for a while, but there is actual quite a bit some amount of content to be migrated. So, finally, with some AI-generated code help, I moved into Hugo. At some point I want to talk about it and about the experience, but not now. Now I just want to enjoy that my blog has a new home. 

So, twenty-something years later, welcome again those 3 monthly visitors that come around. I hope you get something useful. **Bienvenidos!**
